[Infra + Logs UI] Add source configuration ui to the docs (#33535)
elastic/kibana: docs/infrastructure/index.asciidoc

[float]
== Add data

Kibana provides step-by-step instructions to help you add log data. The
{infra-guide}[Infrastructure Monitoring Guide] is a good source for more
detailed information and instructions.

[float]
== Configure data sources 

> By default the Infrastructure UI uses the `metricbeat-*` index pattern to query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metricbeat-*` index pattern is used to query the data by default.
```

the data.  If your metrics are located in a different set of indices or use a
different timestamp field, you can adjust the source configuration via the user
interface or the {kib} configuration file.

> NOTE: The Logs and Infrastructure UI share a common data source definition in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Logs and Infrastructure share a common data source definition in
```

each space. Changes in one of them can influence the data displayed in the
other.

[float]

> === Configure data sources in the user interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure data sources in Kibana
```

Author: The intention was to point out the contrast between configuring via the UI and configuring via the config file: "Configure data sources in the user interface" vs "Configure data sources in the configuration file"

With "Configure source" vs "Configure data sources in the configuration file" the distinction is less clear.

Do you think that this parallelism would be worth preserving or should we give up on that?

Reviewer: My thought process behind this suggestion:
1) We want to try to avoid saying UI or user interface when documenting a UI. It's assumed that's what we're referring to.
2) The top level heading of this section is titled _Configure data sources_, and it explains that there are two ways to ocnfigure data source: source config, or the config file. I don't think we need to repeat the text "configure data sources" in each of the child headings.

Based on ^^ - I think the best layout would be:
* Configure data sources
  * Configure source
  * Configuration file

Author: Ok, that makes sense... I wasn't thinking of this as just the UI docs, but more as a "feature documentation" that consists of both frontend and backend. Maybe that's too much of a technical view. :innocent:

> The source configuration UI can be accessed via the corresponding button in the

Reviewer: I'm wondering if you could get a picture of the gear icon and inline it in this text?
> The source configuration UI can be accessed via the image:gear-icon.png[gear icon alt txt] in the toolbar:

Author: I'll try to do that without disrupting the text flow.

Author: done:
![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/973741/54750503-31adbe80-4bd8-11e9-94c9-c205e7aed71d.png)

> toolbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
toolbar:
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::infrastructure/images/infrastructure-configure-source.png[Configure Infrastructure UI source button in Kibana]

This opens the source configuration fly-out dialog, in which the following
configuration items can be inspected and adjusted:

* *Name*: The name of the source configuration.
* *Indices*: The patterns of the elasticsearch indices to read metrics and logs
  from.
* *Fields*: The names of particular fields in the indices that need to be known
  to the Infrastructure and Logs UIs in order to query and interpret the data
  correctly.

[role="screenshot"]
image::infrastructure/images/infrastructure-configure-source-dialog.png[Configure Infrastructure UI source dialog in Kibana]

TIP: If <<xpack-spaces>> are enabled in your Kibana instance, any configuration

> changes performed via the user interface are specific to that space. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes performed via source configuration in Kibana are specific to that space. You can
```

Author: Does that make it clear enough that this only applies to the source configuration via the UI and not via the config file?

Reviewer: I think if we change the heading title from `Configure data sources in the user interface` to `Configure source` it is clear enough.

[float]
== Add data

Kibana provides step-by-step instructions to help you add log data. The
{infra-guide}[Infrastructure Monitoring Guide] is a good source for more
detailed information and instructions.

[float]
== Configure data sources 

The `metricbeat-*` index pattern is used to query the data by default.
If your metrics are located in a different set of indices, or use a
different timestamp field, you can adjust the source configuration via the user
interface or the {kib} configuration file.

NOTE: Logs and Infrastructure share a common data source definition in
each space. Changes in one of them can influence the data displayed in the
other.

[float]
=== Configure source

> The source configuration UI can be accessed via the corresponding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure source can be accessed via the corresponding
```

image:logs/images/logs-configure-source-gear-icon.png[Configure source icon]
button in the toolbar:

[role="screenshot"]
image::infrastructure/images/infrastructure-configure-source.png[Configure Infrastructure UI source button in Kibana]

This opens the source configuration fly-out dialog, in which the following
configuration items can be inspected and adjusted:

* *Name*: The name of the source configuration.
* *Indices*: The patterns of the elasticsearch indices to read metrics and logs
  from.
* *Fields*: The names of particular fields in the indices that need to be known
  to the Infrastructure and Logs UIs in order to query and interpret the data
  correctly.

[role="screenshot"]
image::infrastructure/images/infrastructure-configure-source-dialog.png[Configure Infrastructure UI source dialog in Kibana]

TIP: If <<xpack-spaces>> are enabled in your Kibana instance, any configuration
changes performed via Configure source are specific to that space. You can
therefore easily make different subsets of the data available by creating
multiple spaces with different data source configurations.

[float]

> === Configure data sources in the configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configuration file
```
